*** Which project you chose and why - CALVIN 0:45
Password KeepR
Make this generic descrption a bit more personal:
A storage system for passwords for organzations.
An organization, like Lighthouse labs, has many different accounts which need to be shared between users.
This app will let an authorized user acess all the passwords of the organization.
The app will also let a user generate a new password for a specific account (just like LastPass).
Users will be able to generate a password based on the options the form will provide.
Some of the options are: password length, contains lowercase, contairs uppercase, contains numbers, and contains symbols.
If a user needs to log in to a specific website (e.g. Facebook) they can go into the app, find the appropriate password, click a button which copies the password into the clipboard, and log in.


*** What each of you did, individually - CAROLYN 0:30
DB - SQL queries, table and seed setup, ERD
Planning - stories, scenarios
Planning 2.0 - routes, wireframes

Tackled most of the project together, big issues such as generate password completed via pair programming
Leads:
Deletion/CSS - Austin
Edit/updating links/buttons - Carolyn
Categorizing - Calvin


*** Show us what you built (demo the app and show us the features) - CAROLYN 1:30

Login click will bring us into the "Red" organization
(one of many organizations)

GO TO "My organization" tab
I'm Alice, my colleagues are Bob and Carol
Click logo to return to dashboard, where we see credentials created
by everyone in the organization

GO TO "Create new credential"
Enter Spotify website name, URL, and username
Discuss how password requirements can be fulfilled by using
various combinations of checkboxes: none/some/all checkboxes
Settle on a generated password, select Entertainment dropbox, Submit

--
CALVIN 0:45
Uh oh! While I was creating the Spotify credential,
got a notification that my password for Disney has been compromised.
Let's change it via Edit.
Settle on a generated password (defaults), Update
Point out API for logo generation

Copy to clipboard
Point out alert
Click logo to visit actual website in new tab

--
AUSTIN 0:45
Uh oh! My Netflix subscription expired recently and I no longer plan
to subscribe. I want to delete this credential from my account.
Demo the Delete

So which passwords did I create
Go to My Passwords
Explain that these are the passwords that I personally created,
whereas the dashboard shows all passwords accessible to me via my org

Go through Social Media / Work / Entertainment
Explain that it is segmenting by category (SQL query)

Go back to dashboard


*** What challenges you had and how you overcame them - AUSTIN 0:45
Isolating the specific record/row that we wanted our functions to operate on
(e.g. editing/deleting password for Asana specifically)
Figuring out how our front-end and back-end files worked together,
and what syntax was appropriate/workable for each
Git merge/pull prep and success?
Wish list for future implementation
